Changed cache monkey-patching for Django 3.2+ (#1497)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/changes.rst

Next version
------------

> * Changed caching monkey-patching for Django3.2+ to iterate over existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed cache monkey-patching for Django 3.2+ to iterate over existing
```

  caches and patch them individually rather than attempting to patch
  ``django.core.caches`` as a whole. The ``middleware.cache`` is still
  being patched as a whole in order to attempt to catch any cache

>   usages before ``enable_instrumentation`` is called. Fixes #1496

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  usages before ``enable_instrumentation`` is called.
```

Do we want to start adding ticket references? It may be useful but I'd rather not have to do this additional work :)

Author: You're right.
